---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Why UI frameworks are underrated.
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-02-27
labels:
  - Java Script
  - Learning
  - ICS314
---


# A great framework to put your design in, but.
UI frameworks are great. They are easy ways for front-end programmers to develop websites. Even though you are not a developer, it is easy to follow. In fact, it is way easier to learn how to use the frameworks than raw CSS and HTML. They have great but various designs. Metaphorically, they are well-built hunting tools for you without any experience to be a great hunter in the wild. Moreover, they are well-crafted cooking tools for you to be a winner of chopped. Then, here is a question that I want to answer: “So, is it stupid to learn raw CSS and HTML when you have benefits of UI frameworks?” and “Why do so many developers use raw CSS and HTML?”

# Why are UI frameworks so useful? 
Before I answer those questions, I want to more talk about the benefits of UI frameworks. There are many positive parts of them, but I will specifically talk about the easiness. In fact, UI frameworks are not simple but easy. In other words, to learn the frameworks is almost same as to learn a new language. Even though its syntax is not as complicating as C-language/Java, it still has a syntax that you will need to look up and study. However, once you learn them to some extent, you will know that they provide you a foundation to make your process to design a website easy. They provide you a base form of your website design that you can use right away. In other words, you will not need to build up from the bottom to the top like you do in raw HTML and CSS. Incredibly, they also let you customize the forms somewhat, which can extend the style. Thus, it is, as I mentioned in the previous paragraph, easy for non-developers to follow.

# Anyways, let us answer the questions.
However, there are always cons when you have pros. UI frameworks provide you attractive benefits. Considering the benefits, it will seem that you will look stupid if you just use raw CSS and HTML, instead of UI frameworks. Then, it is time to answer the questions. In fact, CSS and HTML are the foundations where the frameworks have been built. So, it will be irony to say that, “even though I do not know about anything of CSS and HTML, I am good at UI frameworks and am a good software developer.” As in the architecture, if you have a bad ground, your building will be easily collapsed. When you have a challenging problem, if you do not have any knowledge of CSS and HTML, you will have a big fail to solve the problem. 

# Convenient but too convenient to be creative.
Moreover, you can lose the “creativity” when you use UI Frameworks. They provide you base forms to customize to some extent, but you can still feel like “they are too opinionated.” Simply, you can consider the difference between when you buy a furniture from Walmart and when you buy all the components of a furniture and build it by yourself. Even though it is convenient, it can deprive you of the creativeness.

# So, UI frameworks will be brighter when you know its bases.
To be a great basketball man, you always need to practice the basic techniques: dribbling, passing, and shooting. Even though you do not have great shoes, you will still fly in the field if you have great skills. In fact, your performance will be boosted if you have great shoes and at the same time, great skills. Likewise, if you do not have a great understanding of raw CSS and HTML, you will not see yourself doing your best even though you have a great tool like UI frameworks. 


