---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "International bowl"
date: 2019-11-05
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Meteor
  - Intellij
  - JavaScripts
---

# Overview
The problem: A lot of international students go to University of Hawaii at Manoa. Because of the culture difference and language barrier, they usually have troubles to make friends in the campus.  As the interests of the international cultures rise, there are also a lot of in-state students who want to have international friends. However, there are no easy ways to connect those two groups of students to each other. 
The solution: The international bowl for University of Hawaii at Manoa will help students who are interested in learning new cultures and languages to build connections to international students who are willing to have local friends. UH Students can login to browse profiles with a brief description and find people who have similiar interests. In the website, they can also start conversations and set meetings for free. Profile pictures are not necessary but available if the user wants to upload.
# Approach
While international bowl will give various services to the students, it will have an administrative team. The team will be consisted of three sections: Super Director, System Monitors, and DB Directors. A person with the Super Director role will function as the senior manager of the team. He will handle with all the issues occuring in the team, including granting System Monitor roles and DB Director roles to selected users who are qualified. 

System Monitors will check the profiles that are posted by users with strict policies to protect the website from being contaminated and handle front-end issues including creating categories or new services of the website. Since Users must not write 'any sexual/racial/political' traits in the profiles, System Monitors will be granted 'strong privileges' to manage users and delete any inappropriate behaviors occuring in the website.

DB directors will manage the users information and protect the website from the frauds. Through the easy connections,  there are a plethora of risks to be attacked by frauds. So, the directors will be granted privileges to check and manage the database. However, they will not be allowed to personally use their power.

Users can create their profiles and put their information and descriptions of themselves. They will be able to select what languages they speak and will want to learn and what cultures they are interested to learn. When they find other students with similar interests, they will also be able to send messages. 

Users can filter, with their specific interests, profiles to find the matching profile easily.

International bowl will provide users to the page where they can share their daily life by posting some pictures and comments. Moreover, users will find useful information for international clubs in the campus. 

Mockup pages:
* Landing Page
* User Home page
* Admin Home Page
* Browse Profiles.
* Timeline Page.

# Case Ideas
* New users go to landing pages, login, gets user home pages, set up profiles.
* Admins go to landing pages, login, gets Admin Home pages, monitor profiles.
* Users go to landing pages, login, browse profiles, check intersts, set meetings.
* Admin go to landing pages, login, check admin home pages, edit website.

# Beyond Basics

As the main goal of the website is the easy connection, after the website implements the function to browse profiles, some advanced functions are expected to be developed:

* Users can share their daily life with other people, in the page called as 'TimeLine'
* The website will have some pages where people with similar interests can gather; ig, "Game Club"
* The administrative team will be notified whenever 
the database have a change to check if it is appropriate.
* Users can report inappropriate profiles/users to the admin team.

