---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Covid and College"
date: 2020-04-03
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - COVID-19
  - SELF-DEVELOPMENT
---
# The Uninvited Guest

When I was getting ready to go to work on Monday on Early March, I faced the news saying, 'due to COVID-19 several states in USA ban people from dining in restuarants, bars, and etc.' It was not the first time that I heard about COVID-19. Working as a server in the local popular restauarnt in Ala moana where tourists are our main customers, I noticed the unexpected number of empty tables on Morning. So, I was not shocked by the news but scared, because my intuition was telling me, "COVID-19 will break your daily life down into the pieces. As all the bad things do, it unexpectedly comes to the world, like the uninvited guest. 

# From My Memories

"When I was clocking in on the day, I saw managers having the meeting with serious faces. Then, I realized that the premonition has become the reality of my life. I was born in 1996. I am not old enough to say about "when I was young..." but want to say that COVID-19 is not the first corona virus happening in the world. There were corona virus outbreaks such as "SARS" and "MERS" that caused a lot of victims. I remember that when South Korea had the first two MERS deaths on 2015, all the media was talking about the disease, and the president had to have press conferences everyday to update the people. All the doctors and nurses had to work 24/7, scarificing themselves to prevent the spread of the virus. Through the memories about MERS, I could feel that something bad is going to happen soon. 

# Changes on my life

Since I moved to Hawaii on 2015, 2020 is the first year, I think, when a lot of storms came to islands, and I saw the gloomy sky more than the blue sky. Since I finished my vacation at Colorado and came back to the islands, it has been windy and rainy. Thinking about COVID-19, I feel like the bad weather has been the signal warning us about the "real storm". A few days after Monday, I got the email from the general manager about cutting hours on all staffs and putting some staffs in furlough. I was in Spring Break by the time and became, all sudden, unemployed. Because my wife had COVID-19 Check, I had to be in self-quarantine as well until her result turned out, "negative." 

I had been full-time student and full-time worker. I had worked 40 hours in a week and studied for any free time I have. As I live in off-campus apartment, I have bills to pay off. So, money is significantly importatnt. However, even though I knew that this is going to happen, I do not know what to do with my bad situation. When it comes to studying, I believe that environments are important. When you are in the panic, you cannot concentrate on any subject. Given that most of great people strived even when the situation was bad, I might be trying to take advantages of COVID-19 to excuse my failures. However, for the spring break, I could not sit on the desk more than an hour. Even though I sat down to study, I felt demotivated quickly, because I could not stop being worried and thinking about what I need to do to pay off my bills upcoming. My head had been stressed out even before I tried to study.
    
As I got some flea problems in my house just right before the outbreak, I had to use flea bombs in my house, which made me to throw away everything in my frigerator. So, all the frozen stuffs and meats were wasted, and the frigerator was nothing but empty. Then, I got in the self-quarantine. I spent a lot of money for DoorDash. The outbreak itself is depressing, but the god sent me extra adversities for me to taste.

I had to apply to the bunch of jobs out there, even though I knew that it would be difficult to be hired, considering the situation. Even though I am still in furlough and will be employed back whenever the outbreak ends, I could not just sit down until it ends, because I do not personally know when it will end. So, after I applied to million of jobs, I was invited to a job interview. The interview was virtual, because of the effects of COVID-19. I was talking to interviewers, looking at my laptop. I colud not take the job but could tell how the community has been affected.

# Changes on my community.
Today 04/03/2020, COVID-19 affects every country in the world. The number of infected is more than 1 million. It has been the real problem to all of us. As we know, all the courses in University of Hawaii have been changed to Online courses. All the plans that were written down at the beginning of the semester have been broken down and revised. I believe that there have been a lot of changes on everyone's life for a few week. As I experienced in the interview, we are not even allowed to talk to each other face to face. A lot of people have been victimized because of COVID-19, but some people still do not consider the outbreak serious. The racism on Asian-Americans has been the serious problem, which I believe that racists use COVID-19 to justify their behaviors. Indeed, changes are sometime necessary when you want to move forward. If changes are made through the right process, they are beneficial. However, if they are made through the panic, they will cause the unnecessary chaos.

# I hope that
In the middle of the chaos, with all the pains that I have, there will be some people who are going through this on their own, because they do not have anybody but only themselves. I hope that everybody in the society will be safe until this adversity ends. I hope that I can have the power to save my family and my friends. I hope that everybody facing obstacles can overcome and be stronger. I hope that we all will stay together(virtually) and stay strong. As Nietzsche said, "there are no beautiful surface without a terrible depth." I hope that we all see each other again on the beautiful surface.


