---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Ethical responsibilities as a software Enginner"
date: 2020-04-23
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Codes of Ethics
  - Responsible coding
---
# Morality and Ethics let us be us.
We all learn morality and ethics. They are important, not because they are what we are expected to comply by but because they result in righteous and fair consequences. Even if it is impossible to find the perfect decision that will cause the ultimately positive consequence for everybody, it is possible to justify the decision with the rules that have been promised by a lot of people in the society and been understood as the best in the understanding of Utilitarianism. Beyond the concept Utilitarianism, as a human, we know that we are not allowed to abuse anything when we are not justified. In the process of socialization, we all learn morality and ethics not to harm other people but to help the society to be 'society'. They let us be us.

# Trolly Problem.
Back in my middle School in South Korea, one of the mandatory courses to graudate was 'education for Morality and Ethics.' The course was easy but boring. Most of my friends in the class did not really pay attentions to what the teacher was trying to say. However, there is a speicific problem that he told us in the middle of the lesson. It was the first time when I faced the famous 'trolly problem.' The problem is simple: it asks us, in the context of utilitarianism, if we will kill the one we strongly cherish to save a lof of innocent people on the train. When the teacher started to talk about the problem, there were a lot of different answers with different perspectives. In the moment, I personally thought that it is impossible to choose, because either of the decisions will not exonerate me from the blames. What you believed that will save a lot of people from the pains will actaully cause the terrible consequences for others, which is a disaster.


