---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Impacts of design patterns on problems"
date: 2020-04-30
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Codes of Design
  - Creative
  - Motivational
---



# Like A BusinessMan.
In our life, we all sometimes be a businessman/ want to be a businessman. That can be the result of watching television shows where rich businessmen come out and show what is exactly like living as a boss. In other hand, that also can be a human's nature. We all want to be outstanding and powerful. However, we all are not always good at business. It is the area of talents. Even though you have a great idea to make your business successful, there are many factors that you need to consider: locations, profitables, and so on. Great ideas are powerful but do not keep us from facing problems. Indeed, to be successful is to have the ability to solve a problem. The most important thing is the efficiency. Well, failures will teach us a lot of things, but it is not everybody who can get up and consider the failures just as "lessons." Here, we want to think about algorithms as software engineers. Algorithms are mostly related to solve problems that have certain patterns and to be efficiently figure the patterns out. Whether it is known or not, algorithms are able to be applied in everywhere. If you think about machine learnings, it is true. However, there are more areas that can be drastically efficient with algorithms. For example, biologists have reduced the significant amount of time to analyze DNA Patterns with pattern matching algorithms. However, we need to be more general to control the problems that can come out from anywhere. Among dangerous factors that can affect your company in the deadly way, there can be a great structure to solidify the company and save itself. Here, I would like to talk about design patterns. It is effective ways to solve the problems like algorithms but in more general ways. For exmaple, if I describe the two different concepts, algorithms are the work that your workers do but design patterns are the whole structure of your company. Design patterns actaully include algorithms, in other words. Therefore, we can say that learning design patterns is important to solve problems that come out in general. Well, like a businessman, we can think about the consequence of inefficient corporate structures and the efficiency of the work that your employees do. 

# The great features that were invisible.
Design patterns can be complicated and need more professional expertises to understand. Personally, I had never known what was design patterns. When I first heard the explanation of them, I thought that they might be like algorithms that were more familiar with me. Then, we actaully learned many design patterns that exist out there to solve the problems in general and luckily make our life better to live. Facing and solving problems is logical and complicating enough to make big headaches. However, I have actually used the patterns to build some websites. The impacts of the patterns were invisibly powerful. The pattern that I want to introduce in this essay is the model-view-controller pattern. When you use meteors, in your localhost webpage, you can see meteor refreshing whenever it notices the difference that you make in your commands. That is happening through the model-view-controller pattern. They are linked to each other and create the mechanism where the changes that you make will be reflected in the website. In general, looking through the websites that I have built for with meteor, they mostly had this structure. Moreover, I could see the models that are api pages where data are managed that have been set up by users. 
Most importanly, the controller that we usually put so many time is where you can set up all the functions to work for the website. 

