---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Treasures that I found in ICS314"
date: 2019-11-05
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Meteor
  - Intellij
  - Final Week
  - JavaScripts
---


# The last phase of the show.
    It has been a long path with unexpected adversities where we see the positivity and negativity at the same time. Looking back on last January when spring 2020 semester started off, I, in the most personal way, think that this year has been the most difficult year for me as a student in University of Hawaii. I have gone through COVID-19, while looking for the ways to pay off rents, tuitions, and groceries. I have never expected myself to apply to Unemployement Benefits and see how difficult it is to get the benefits when the whole society is collapsing. There have been so many negativities for last few monthes. However, I am also proud to say that I see a lot of positive things. I have seen that the whole society has been getting stronger against the spread of COVID-19. A lot of us in ICS314 have been doing great and made it far here. We are in the last phase of this show. Of course, it is not the last chapter of the book called as a life. However, I can say that we have learned great lessons and gotten closer to what we want to be.

# Coding Standard
    Rules are important, wherever you work. Each company has each different policy and forces its employees to comply by them. Not only in the "work" perspective, we commonly see ourselves following the rules in our daily life. For example, you are going to follow the rules when you drive your car. You do not go faster than 120mph on highways unless you are legally allowed to. Software Programmers have their rules. We call the rules coding standard. A lot of platforms such as Eclipse, MS visual studio, and Eclipse have functions to help programmers to follow the coding standards.
    
    As a programmer, you can think why it is important to follow the standards. You can be one of the innovators who say, "we do not want to be ruled by anything." However, think about this: what if you release your works to the world, but nobody can read your codes. Indeed, in the coding text, standards are to ensure the readability and workability of codes. In the easy words, even if someone writes an efficient algorithm if it is impossible for someone else to read, he will lose credits that he actaully deserves. Moreover, you can think how important those rules are in the team environment. What if each of your teammates has a trouble to understand each other's work? In the businesses, misunderstandings can cause owners to lose profits. I believe that you do not want to be the reason why your team is going to be torn apart, after a week of your team project.

    As we can see ourselves surrounded by a lot of different rules, I can confidently say that coding standards are used in different areas, instead of web application. Consider that software engineering includes various areas: app development, data analysis, database development, and so on. Wherever you are expected to write down your own codes on some platforms, you are expected to know about the standards and fit yourself in them. Remember that unfollowing rules does not mean that you are an innovating engineer; in most cases, you will end up being a troll in your team. Indeed, if someone is a good programmer, he/she follows the rules. 

    In the personal perspective, I have learnt that following coding standards will help myself to be a good programmer. The standards have been established since software engineering has evolved. Learning what is considered as "standard" leads myself to learn who is a good programmer. Moreover, I will not be happy to see my teammates struggling to understand my works. Because I want to be a good programmer and good teammate, I force myself to follow the rules. 

# User Interface Frameworks.
    If somebody starts to learn front-end enginnering, he/she will be familiar with the abbreviation 'UI': such as sementic UI, Onsen UI, and so on. UI stands for 'User Interface'. In other words, User interface frameworks are UI frameworks. One of the positive sides of using UI frameworks is that it can help programmers to develop websites, in the faster and more efficient ways. For example, semantic UI has functions to ensure the user to build important traits of websites such as menu, icons, and so on in the greatly responsive and efficient styles. Indeed, if someone develops his website in the traditional ways, he will not finish his works as fast as when he uses UI frameworks. 

    When you start to learn front-end engineering, a lot of beginner courses ensure that their students are familiar with using css and html. Css and HTML stand for "Cascading Style Sheets" and "Hypertext Markup Language," respectively. They both are drastically important in web-application developments, as they function as important organs of websites. Progrmamers can do a lot of things without using UI frameworks. On css, they can design their websites in the ways their clients want. They can build the structure of the websites on HTML; in the way they see the efficiency. However, using frameworks, they can make their development easier. The functions of UI, as mentioned above, enable them to jump over some steps and reach to the goals in the quick way. Indeed, if someone builds the "menu" on his website without using UI frameworks, he will take more time to finish than when he uses UI frameworks. Moreover, programmers with terrible designing skills will be saviored by using UI framework, as it has different clean styles of each components. 

    Before I took ICS314, I had never experienced front-end engineering. As I mentioned in the previous paragraph, I also learned css and html in the beginning of the course. It was a real fun to learn how to develop websites. It was the very first steps to be a web developer, but it was very fantastic to see myself building websites on my own. However, it was more complicating to develop the structure of websites and create the designs than I expected. 

    I have learned that using user interface frameworks helps myself to stay out of unnecessary stresses to develop web-application. For instance, instead of spending a lot of hours to design a fancy button in my website, I can choose to use one of the fancy buttons that have been made in semantic UI. It will be easier than I develop all by myself, because if I am to use the button in semantic UI documentation, all I need to do is to apply the codes to my platform. Indeed, it enables myself to do my works in the efficient fashion.

    I have learned that UI frameworks are helpful for the efficient and fast web-development. It will be worthy to use UI frameworks, not only to save the time but also to create great features of websites. As in coding standards, wherever I code, it will be worthy to know that there can be more efficient way to do the same works. In short, even when I do work for app-development and database-development, I will find it worthy to check if there is the system like UI frameworks. 







