---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: How can I be a smart questioner?
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-30
labels:
  - Software Engineer
  - Self-Learning
  - Smart Question
---

# Why Are Smart Questions Relevant To Be A Smart Software Engineer?
Being a professional software enginner is challenging, regardless of what you specialize in. When you are coding, you inevitably face numerous errors that you cannot solve on your own. They are sometimes what you can solve if you put the tremendous amount of your time. You will need a new perspective so that can analyze them with different ideas. Thus, it is greatly crucial to know how to ask in the smart way. Indeed, it will be amazing if you are intelligent and talented enough to solve all the problems without any help from other people. Similarly, it will be fantastic if you take a lucky path on which you will avoid facing any obstacle as if you are under the protection by an omniscent god. However, they both have the same possibility as you see a pig flying out of nowhere. Unfortunately, you will find, at least once, yourself in the trouble with some questions that you cannot answer on your own. You will need to have fresh ideas(hints) from other people. After all, you will realize that asking smart questions is not being dependent but solving the problems in the efficient way. This is the reason why you need to know how to ask smart questions.  

# So, How Will You Find A Good Answer For Your Question?
As there are always more demands than supplies in diamond markets, there are always more questions than answers in forums. Because of the unbalance, it is common for a question that you make to be ignored. If you are lucky enough, you will end up having helpless answers. Indeed, your questions must be outstanding enough to be answered by knowledgable people. Your question must be smart to lead you to both efficient and effective help. In other words, asking a question in a smart way is the golden key to bring you a good answer. According to Eric Raymond, the author of "How to ask the questions in the smart way," there are standards for the "smart questions." Here, I will analyze examples of a "smart question" and a "stupid question" based on his standards.

# Smart Question: Precise and Informative.
According to Raymond, one of the important traits that smart questions have is that it precisely describes what your problem is and gives enough information of your problem to lead a useful answer. Here is my example of the smart question: 
<<<<<<< HEAD
(https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14415881/how-to-pair-socks-from-a-pile-efficiently). 
=======
[Question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14415881/how-to-pair-socks-from-a-pile-efficiently). 
>>>>>>> cb368e310f0d1a4fe25d1806db3554184ce2cc26
The questioner was asking about algorithms to apply to efficiently piling socks. Moreover, the question described what the questioner had done, showing his background such as what he understood for the question and demonstrated the informative purposes of the question by listing aspects of the problem he wanted to address. Eventually, he ended up getting the greatly detailed answer that has gotten 2425 votes. This is the power of the smart question. The smart question is the great question.

# Stupid Question: No Details
As smart questions lead you to the smart answers, stupid questions lead you to no answers. By Raymond, it is greatly important to describe details such as "what you have done for the question?". If the question is not detailed, it is logical to expect for nothing. Here is my example of the stupid question: 
<<<<<<< HEAD
(https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6201279/symfony2-how-to-get-all-entities-of-one-type-which-are-marked-with-edit-acl-p).
=======
[Question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6201279/symfony2-how-to-get-all-entities-of-one-type-which-are-marked-with-edit-acl-p).
>>>>>>> cb368e310f0d1a4fe25d1806db3554184ce2cc26
Questions cannot be informative with no details. Even though the title of the question is meaningful, and he specified his goal in the question, because of the lack of the details about his background and his code, he ended up having no answer, just with few comments such as "Can't be answered without details about your code." As you can see thorugh this example, if your question is not smart enough, it will not lead you to where you want to go.

# New Perspectives, New Insights.
A ship with a decisive sailor does not easily get lost in the sea. A question with a smart strategy does not easily get ignored. As a senior in my university, I have considered a great question important for the development of knowledge. However, I did not establish standards about what a smart question is. Researching to write this essay, I could learn the definition of the smart question. Since it is true that there are always problems that cannot be solved without others helping, the strategy "asking in the smart way" will help me solve them in the efficient and effective way.



